Hey, this son-in-law?
You really didn't expect
Master Jiang really took this invitation letter
He brought it to us
I just didn't expect you to be useless.
You are really capable
Please give us the invitation letter
I said as long as I want
There's nothing you can't get
But according to the rules of the auction
It seems that a family can only go to one person
Then you can give me the request letter.
It's for you.
When did I say I was going to let you go?
What do you mean?
Your Shen family
If you want to take this opportunity
If you stand out in front of the Dai people
It is best to hand over the Shen Group to Yunwei
And Yunwei
Will represent your Shen family to participate in this auction
Pardon me?
That's not possible.
Damn girl, did you shrink?
I never thought of that.
We raised a white-eyed wolf like you
Compete with outsiders for the foundation of our Shen family
Hey, why don't you want to?
Oops, I don't want to walk, walk, walk
Don't move don't go
Come here.
If this doesn't work, he promises him
You listen to me
After all, it is our own girl.
Right? Now we, the father of the Shen family
It has not yet fallen into the hands of his father
Okay?
Is it just a matter of left hand to right hand?
The big deal is after this is over
Wouldn't it be over if we snatched him again?
Oh yes
I listen to you.
This scene calls me ruthless
I promise you.